simd_avoidUnaligned         = true
data_alignFieldPointers     = true
useDblPrecision             = true

minLevel = 0
maxLevel = 0

domain_onlyRectangular      = true
domain_numBlocks            = 1
domain_numFragmentsPerBlock = 1

domain_rect_generate            = true
domain_rect_numBlocks_x         = 1
domain_rect_numBlocks_y         = 1
domain_rect_numBlocks_z         = 1
domain_rect_numFragsPerBlock_x  = 1
domain_rect_numFragsPerBlock_y  = 1
domain_rect_numFragsPerBlock_z  = 1

omp_enabled    = true
omp_numThreads = 10

mpi_enabled    = false
mpi_numThreads = 1

omp_parallelizeLoopOverFragments  = false
omp_parallelizeLoopOverDimensions = true

poly_explorationIDs       = -1
poly_exploration_extended = false
poly_optLevel_fine     = 3
poly_optLevel_coarse   = 1
poly_numFinestLevels   = 1
poly_tileOuterLoop     = true
poly_performDCE        = false

opt_useAddressPrecalc  = true
opt_vectorize          = true
opt_unroll             = 1
opt_unroll_interleave  = false
